foreign
[Music]
just a quick video to let you know about
a recent collaboration I did with Jacob
over at the nameless narcissist Channel
we went live for almost three hours
taking viewer questions on NPD and all
things related I'll put a link in the
descriptions below so uh be sure to head
over there and check it out and while
you're there watch his other videos too
uh he presents a fascinating and
well-informed perspective on NPD from
someone actually diagnosed with the
disorder he is putting a human face to
this much maligned disorder which I
think is both incredibly Brave and
completely necessary so I was happy to
collaborate with him once again and I
think we covered some good territory so
be sure to head over there check it out
and then come on back here and leave any
comments or questions you might have for
me down below and until next time take
good care
[Music]
foreign